It was a pleasure speaking with you, and I am excited to move the process forward.

Here are a couple of tasks for evaluation: 

Do comment heavily, showing your thought process and choices.
And let me know if you have any other questions.

Smart journalling: 
This is AI-powered, thoughtfully designed and personalized journaling experience. 
The key features: AI that asks you personalized prompt questions, proactively. AI that makes comments or
metanotes on your journaling. See a list of favourite prompts and themes for the AI to ask the user.Get voice notes 
transcribed through a speech-to-text model. See key insights and takeaways from today’s journal once the process has
been completed for the day. 

The AI that can read the journal, and prompt the user, ask pertinent questions, make the journaling exercise as 
useful, as insight-inducing, as possible.

The system prompts the user with some questions to start them off, either generic but preferred questions and sets
of themes, or based on some information the model may have regarding today - say if you are working on an acutely 
stressful project that is upcoming, the AI, knowing that through other interactions, could start off the journaling 
canvas by asking the user about how they are preparing, for it, etc 
The journaling exercise can thus continue as the AI proactively and thoughtfully asks follow on questions, until 
the user is done for the day.
The user can also take voice notes, or have their voice transcribed by a model like Whisper 


Second task

Marketplace functionality: 
Allow the users to 
1. Post item to sell - an image, with reference data - title, author, description, price, sole-buyer or multiple buyer, 
labels, and metadata like “likes” and star ratings.
2. Display images on a marketplace feed - based on 1 likes received, 2 or pricing or creator history.
3. Marketplace search engine - using labels and tags, or creators.
4. Users can “like” images, which are added to images liked section in the “user home”, and they can rate images from
   1 to 5 stars. Filter by pricing, rating, one time buy.

All the best.